Statistics is at the core of analyzing data.
For the stats portion of this class,
you'll be learning from Sebastian Thrun and Josh Bernhard.
Sebastian is a statistician and Stanford faculty member,
as well as founder of Udacity and Google X.
He'll be showcasing a number of examples for each of the statistical topics covered.
Josh who is also a statistician teacher,
has taught statistics at the University of Colorado and
previously was working as a machine learning engineer for KPMG.
He'll be working alongside Sebastian to assure
you can implement the statistical applications in Python.
With that, let's get started.